In the attached file :
Find the OMR block any bubble threshold is less than 35% then the bubble_Th_status is 1 else 0
This needto save in the table in field "bubble_Th_status"
Steps to follow:
1. In a column there are 10 bubbles and 7 columns so there are 10X7 70 bobules
2. The system should check each bubble threshold 
3. if any bubble threshold is less than 35% then the bubble_Th_status is 1 else 0

Kindly do the changes and give the alter table statement.

1. Move the Sheet process Status grid below the Original Scanned Sheet panel
2. Hide the Save Corrections Button.
3. Add both horigental and vertical scroll bars to the original Scanned Sheet panel
4. Give zoom option to the Original scanned Sheet image.

Make Extraction & processing Result panel containing all the Fields little bigger font and it should not be scrollable 
make Subject Code,Booklet Serial No, OCR Confidence,Decoded Barcode, OMR Bubble Reading, Handwritten OCR Reading, Register No (SOP output), Candidate Signed, Invigilator Signed these all fields make bigger Font 
Select Folder, Process All, Export to Excel buttons height to increase and the font should be 14px

1. OMR Bubble Reading text box font should be 14px
2. Handwritten OCR Reading text box font should be 14px, 
3. Register No (SOP output) text box font should be 14px, 
4. Candidate Signed dropdown box font should be 14px, 
5. Invigilator Signed dropdown box font should be 14px
6. Also corresponding lables font size should match
7. Decoded Barcode text box font should be 14px and corresponding lable also

1. The Bubble Grid Extraction Map Panel above add Subject Code and Booklet Serial No Croped images with corresponding lables
2. Only reduce the height of Bubble Grid Extraction Map Panel don't change Width of the panel
3. Increase the Height of Candidate Signature & Invigilator Signature croped Images with out changing Corresponding Panel height.
move the Signature Regions panel to right side Panel below Candidate Signed dropdown box and invigilator Signed dropdown box
inside Signature Regions panel the panels Candidate and Invigilator height increase
inside Signature Regions panel the panels Candidate's signature image and Invigilator's signature image height increase

1. Inside Signature Regions panel,make the changes like Candidate panel below that Invigilator panel
2. Reduce the width of Extraction & processing Result panel by 25%
3. That space allocate to Original Scanned Sheet panel


1. There is no way any relation between bubble_Th_status field and whitenerflag field.
2. At present all the sheets are flaged as  whitenerflag =1 it is not true.
3. If any bubble marked and to erease the mark whitener has applied as given in the attached images marked in red rectangle box.
4. Very rarely sheets will be whitenerwill be applied on a bubble by the candidate.
5. There are 10 rows and 7 columns a total of 70 bubbles the code has to check all the 70 bubbles if any one bubble is too bright then the whitenerflag is 1 else 0 or Complete bubble threshold is <5% than whitenerflag is 1 else 0
6. refer the two images the red rectangular box bubbles are whitener marked one.

6. Any bubble applied with whitner than the corresponding number written with in the ovel of OMR will not visible completely or partially.
6. If whitener applied then there is a patch on the bubble. Any such situation detected by the system then only the whitenerflag flag should be 1 else the sheet is fine and it should be 0.
7. A good way to detect whitener (correction fluid) on OMR bubbles is to look for regions that are:
	a. Very bright (white)
	b. Low saturation
	c. Larger than the normal paper texture
	d. Present inside or around a bubble which should normally contain only paper and pencil marks
8. The whitenerflag field is already exists it has to correct the code.

--------------------------------

The Screen Name should All discrepancy generation and export
1. Should have header like "All Discrepancy Generation & Export" for the screen in a panel.
2. on top of left and below the header one dropdown box should be there with lable "Discrepancy for" which contain 2 options
	a. Counter Foil
	b. Nominal Roll 1 (Discritive Test)
	c. Nominal Roll 2 (OMR Test)
  complete 2nd point should be in a panel with out name.
3. Side to the dropdown box one button should be there with lable "Generate".
4. On click of Generate it should call the SQL DB procedure "USP_GenerateDiscrepancy" and displays the output of Stored Procedure in a data grid.
5. Below the Discrepancy for panel one panel with out any label cantains a dynamic data grid should be there.
6. Below this two button should be there with lable  "Export to excel", "Close" in a panel with out label
generate the python code for the page

1. On click of close button the screen should close.
2. Show full class code with these changes in .py file
3. How to pass user_id from main.py
4. How to call this screen from main.py
 

Discrepancy for dropdown box value has to pass for the first parameter "@DiscrFor" of SQL DB procedure "USP_GenerateDiscrepancy" and second parameter "@UserID" the user_id has to pass